Update custom domains guide (#1353)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/universal-gateway/custom-domains.mdx

---
title: How Do I Use A Custom Domain?
sidebar_label: Using Custom Domains
description: Learn how to use your own custom domain with ngrok.
---

> This guide will show you the steps to use any domain name that you already own with ngrok, e.g. `app.your-domain.com`.

Author: I like this, so let's add it to the style guide. But I think the e.g. battle is going to be hard to win with engineers. They seem to love that phrase, lol @sg-writer

:::note
ngrok is not a domain registrar; you must already own a domain name to use it
with ngrok.
:::

> ## 1. Create a domain in ngrok

Reviewer: maybe this is beyond the scope of this PR—I don't know if this terminology is used widely—but to "create" a domain in ngrok feels like the wrong word choice to me. Even after the warning that ngrok is not a registrar, "create" still makes me second-guess whether the callout is true. Maybe we can replace it with "add"? ("your" could also help clarify that you should already have it)

```suggestion
## 1. Add your domain in ngrok
```

You can [create a domain in the ngrok dashboard](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/domains).

When your domain is created, you'll be given a `CNAME` value such as `exampledata.otherdata.ngrok-cname.com`. Copy it.

:::info
You can also create a Domain via the [ngrok API](/api/resources/reserved-domains/#request). The `CNAME` will be in the `"cname_target"` field of [the response object](/api/resources/reserved-domains/#response).
:::

## 2. Add the CNAME record to your domain

1. In a new browser tab, navigate to your domain hosting provider's dashboard and create a CNAME record. Check your hosting provider's support content or documentation to learn how.

>    - Typically, this process includes creating a [DNS record](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_DNS_record_types).

Reviewer: I would cut this line—I don't think it's useful to send the reader to this Wikipedia page while they're in the middle of this setup.

```suggestion
```

2. When configuring the record, use the following values:
   - Its **type** should be `CNAME`
   - Its **name** should be `@`
   - Its **value** should be the `CNAME` value you copied from the ngrok dashboard or API response.

:::tip Test your CNAME record
Using a tool like [`dig`](https://www.digwebinterface.com/) or [`nslookup`](https://www.nslookup.io/), you can test your CNAME record in the terminal.
:::

## 3. Start an endpoint using your domain:

To start an agent endpoint at your domain, run the following command in your terminal, replacing `your-domain-here.example.com` with the domain you created in the ngrok dashboard.
`bash
	ngrok http --url your-domain-here.example.com 8080

> 	`

Reviewer: ` ``` `

## Wildcard domains

If you bring your own [wildcard domain](/universal-gateway/domains#wildcard-domains), e.g. `*.example.com`, you will need to create a second `CNAME` record with your domain host for [wildcard TLS Certificate provisioning](/universal-gateway/tls-certificates/#wildcard-domains).

## Apex domains

Because it's not possible to create `CNAME` records for apex domains, if you want to use an apex domain, e.g. `example.com`, you must use a DNS provider that supports an `ALIAS` record or `CNAME` flattening.

Because of how `ALIAS`/`CNAME` flattening is implemented, apex domains will not take advantage of the [Global Load Balancer](/universal-gateway/global-load-balancer/). If you're trying to create your apex domain because you need to create endpoints for multiple subdomains, use a [wildcard domain](#wildcard-domains) instead.

## Using custom domains with TCP endpoints

> Public TCP endpoints are assigned randomly on an ngrok-controlled hostname with a randomly-assigned port. You may not choose the hostname and you may not select the port.

Reviewer: - no need to hyphenate adverbs
- preference for "cannot" over "may not"

```suggestion
Public TCP endpoints are assigned randomly on an ngrok-controlled hostname with a randomly assigned port. 
You cannot choose the hostname or select the port.
```

After it's been added, you'll be given a `CNAME` value such as `exampledata.otherdata.ngrok-cname.com`.
Copy this for the next step.

:::info
You can also add a domain via the [ngrok API](/api/resources/reserved-domains/#request).
The `CNAME` will be in the `"cname_target"` field of [the response object](/api/resources/reserved-domains/#response).
:::

## 2. Add the CNAME record to your domain

In a new browser tab, navigate to your domain hosting provider's dashboard and create a CNAME record.
(Check your provider's support content if you're unsure how to do this.)
When configuring the record, use the following values:

- **type**: `CNAME`
- **name**: `@`
- **value**: the `CNAME` value you copied from ngrok

:::tip Test your CNAME record
Using a tool like [`dig`](https://www.digwebinterface.com/) or [`nslookup`](https://www.nslookup.io/), you can test your CNAME record in the terminal.
:::

## 3. Start an endpoint using your domain

To start an agent endpoint at your domain, run the following command in your terminal, replacing `your-domain-here.example.com` with the domain you added in the ngrok dashboard:

> ````bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
